doc: monovertex (#2193)
numaproj/numaflow: docs/core-concepts/monovertex.md

# MonoVertex

MonoVertex is a simplified version of the [Pipeline](./pipeline.md). The major design idea behind MonoVertex is to simplify data-processing
in those cases where independently autoscaling vertices are not required. This means there will only be a single vertex 
called the MonoVertex, which is capable of running the [Source](../user-guide/sources/overview.md), the [Sink](../user-guide/sinks/overview.md)
(with [Fallback Sink](../user-guide/sinks/fallback.md) if need be), and optionally the [Transformer](../user-guide/sources/transformer/overview.md) 
together. There is no concept of Edges in MonoVertex since there is only one [Vertex](vertex.md). The MonoVertex runs the same containers run by the 

> [Pipeline](./pipeline.md), this means the user’s can switch between MonoVertex and [Pipeline](./pipeline.md) by just 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Pipeline](./pipeline.md), this means the users can switch between MonoVertex and [Pipeline](./pipeline.md) by just 
```

> changing the spec. MonoVertex’s [autoscaling](../specifications/autoscaling.md)is also similar to the [Pipeline](./pipeline.md), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changing the spec. MonoVertex’s [autoscaling](../specifications/autoscaling.md)is also similar to the Source vertex of a [Pipeline](./pipeline.md), 
```

where the vertex scales out if the pending at the Source is increasing, and scales down when the pending at the Source drops.

The major benefits of MonoVertex are as follows:

* Very high TPS can be supported because there are no ISBs (RAFT consensus) in between.
* Extremely low latency because there is no network hops between the Vertices (only one Vertex).
* Low Operational overhead, no need to maintain ISBs.

_MonoVertex - Condensed Pipeline with just one Vertex_
![monovertex.png](../assets/monovertex.png)

## Use cases of MonoVertex

> There are a few scenarios where MonoVertex is the best fit, which can be best described as use-cases where “the user is

Reviewer: a blank line is needed.

reading from the Source, doing simple transformations, and writing to a Sink”. You don't need to scale these Source,
Sink, or Map vertices by themselves. If the Sink can't keep up, you just need to add more pods. This brings a new set
of Source, Transformer, and a Sink (optionally with a backup sink). The same goes for if the Source cannot keep up
(pending is increasing), we just need to add more pods.

### A Brief History

> We developed MonoVertex because at Intuit we found that, there are a decent amount of applications that read from 

Reviewer: Not to use "first person" and "Intuit" here?
